Add event organizer volunteer ad & remove technical support ad (#7456)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/volunteer/event-organizer.md

---
title: "Event Organizer"
description: "Organize events for the Couchers.org community!"
---

## [Apply Here](/volunteer/form)

## Position Description

**This is a remote volunteer position**

> Event Organizers support the growth and health of the Couchers community by planning and hosting small, inclusive events for members. These events help travelers and locals meet, build trust and form meaningful connections. This is a flexible, event-based volunteer role that does not require ongoing community management and is suitable for both residents and travelers who want to contribute by facilitating social gatherings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Organizers support the growth and health of the Couchers community by planning and hosting local, inclusive, non-profit events for members. These events help travelers and locals meet, build trust and form meaningful connections. This is a flexible, event-based volunteer role that does not require ongoing community management and is suitable for both residents and travelers who want to contribute by facilitating social gatherings.
```

### Duties

- Plan and host Couchers events such as meetups, walks, market visits, coffee gatherings, picnics, or cultural activities

> - Prepare and publish clear event descriptions with relevant logistical information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prepare and publish clear event descriptions on Couchers.org that include relevant logistical information
```

- Welcome attendees and ensure an open, friendly, and inclusive environment
- Respond to basic questions from participants before and during the event
- Coordinate with the Community Builder Team when guidance or support is needed

> - Provide brief feedback after events to assist with continuous improvement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide brief feedback after events to assist with continuous improvement
- Ensure that events comply with the Community Guidelines, rules, and Terms of Service 
```

### Skills & Experience

- Comfortable meeting new people and facilitating group interactions
- Friendly, reliable, and able to communicate clearly
- Basic organizational and logistical skills
- Ability to foster a welcoming and inclusive atmosphere
- Alignment with Couchers values, including safety, respect, and cultural openness

> No prior event-planning experience is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior couch surfing community event-planning experience is not required.
```

### Expectations/Commitment

- Flexible, event-based commitment with no minimum frequency
- Events may be organized in the volunteer’s home city or while traveling

> - Must uphold Couchers guidelines and contribute to a positive, safe community environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Must uphold Couchers Community Guidelines, Rules, and Terms of Service, and contribute to a positive, safe community environment that is welcome to all
```

- Expected to communicate clearly, follow through reliably, and coordinate with the Community Builder Team when necessary

> This role offers a low-responsibility way to contribute and even occasional events are valuable to the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role offers a low-responsibility way to contribute. Recurring (eg. weekly or monthly) events are great, but even occasional events are valuable to the community!
```
